Did you do this, King Liang?
You recruit from the truth
Please learn from the father
This has nothing to do with the son
Deceive the emperor
Zhao San had a murderous and honest conversation with this person
He was expelled from the mansion by the old minister three days ago
Assault order has been issued
In addition
The old minister also killed Chad Zhao Shan with this person's integrity
It's about loyalty.
Existing clues should be handed over to the Heaven Surveyor
After being verified by the Sky Patrol, it will be brought to justice
But what the old minister never expected was
This person actually went crazy to assassinate the princess
This is the sin of the old minister
In vain, the emperor punished me severely
Father, it is obvious that this matter has nothing to do with the Dong family
Therefore, it cannot be severely punished.
Dong Shangshu
Please get up.
That being the case
Suspend the responsibility for love
Waiting for Xuntiansi to find out the truth
Dispose of it again
Forget it, the emperor will capture it
The old minister will also sue the princess and Wang Xun
Slander King Liang and important ministers in the court
Will be severely punished
You said that I slandered King Liang and important court officials
Exactly.
You just kept saying that it was King Liang and the old minister
Make Zhao Santong commit suicide, princess
In fact, you don't have any evidence.
It's not slander.
What is it?
Hey
You slandered this king
But it is the emperor who is damaged
The reputation of home and the majesty of the court
Please punish the father severely
Please punish the emperor severely